mabel is being pursued by the tie-dye
guy who turns out to be her old pal
oscar who was recently released from
prison for zoe's murder
[Music]
oh my god
damn bella
i'm so sorry
you got out
now that charles and oliver are aware
that mabel has been keeping secrets from
them they have reason to suspect her
involvement in the murder it's tie-dye
guy
oscar offers to drive her to her
destination which is bayport new york on
long island gm with a tattoo shop on
shore road
me how did i miss that charles and
oliver tailed them and they end up in a
tattoo shop
[Music]
mabel was chasing this clue she found in
tim cono's apartment she finally admits
that she previously knew tim cono tim
was my friend or he used to be and oscar
admits he is the tie-dye guy and on the
day tim cono was murdered he went up the
stairs to tim's apartment but he
retreats as soon as he hears a gunshot
and then i heard a gunshot
tavo gives them their biggest clue that
tim thought he was going to be murdered
he was trying to take down this black
market jewelry dealer named angel